README.md, before:

The Presidential Fuckedometer
=============================

How fucked are we likely to be? This open source wifi-enabled IoT device tells
you all you need to know about the upcoming presidential election. Keep it by
your desk as a gentle reminder that (at least as of this writing) things are
not yet as fucked as they could be.

Building One
------------

It's easy to build on of your own!

Ingredients
-----------

* 1 Sparkfun ESP8266 Thing
* 1 3.3v FTDI cable to flash the ESP8266 Thing
* 1 Adafruit P252 analog panel
* 1 66k resistor
* A printout of the included panel art
* 1 USB cord + charger

Optional

* 1 lipo battery
* Some double-stick foam tape to stick things together
* 1 APA102 RGB LED to indicate Wifi status

Recipe
------

Flash the ESP8266 with software included in this repository. I used Platform.io
to compile it, but you should be able to use any number of tools fairly easily.

Connect the ground of the panel to the Thing's ground pin.

Connect the panel's positive lead to pin 5 on the Thing using the resistor in series.

Connect the APA102 to the Thing. APA102 Clock goes to SCK. APA102 Data goes to
Thing pin 13. APA102 Power goes to VIN and grounds to grounds.

Depending on the resistor size, you may need to modify `METER_MAX` so that it
ranges properly.

License
-------

GPLv3

Commit message:

Add a photo and a link to the video

README.md, after:

The Presidential Fuckedometer
=============================

How fucked are we likely to be? This open source wifi-enabled IoT device tells
you all you need to know about the upcoming presidential election. Keep it by
your desk as a gentle reminder that (at least as of this writing) things are
not yet as fucked as they could be.

[Watch it in action!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CyeYWI34pMM)

[![a photo of the meter](meter_photo.small.jpg)](meter_photo.jpg)

Building One
------------

It's easy to build on of your own!

Ingredients
-----------

* 1 Sparkfun ESP8266 Thing
* 1 3.3v FTDI cable to flash the ESP8266 Thing
* 1 Adafruit P252 analog panel
* 1 66k resistor
* A printout of the included panel art
* 1 USB cord + charger

Optional

* 1 lipo battery
* Some double-stick foam tape to stick things together
* 1 APA102 RGB LED to indicate Wifi status

Recipe
------

First copy `Secrets.h.example` to `Secrets.h` and enter in your Wifi credentials.

Flash the ESP8266 with software included in this repository. I used Platform.io
to compile it, but you should be able to use any number of tools fairly easily.

Connect the ground of the panel to the Thing's ground pin.

Connect the panel's positive lead to pin 5 on the Thing using the resistor in series.

Connect the APA102 to the Thing. APA102 Clock goes to SCK. APA102 Data goes to
Thing pin 13. APA102 Power goes to VIN and grounds to grounds.

Depending on the resistor size, you may need to modify `METER_MAX` so that it
ranges properly.

License
-------

GPLv3
